Ivanov Konstantin Rector of Baltic State Technical University "VOENMEH" named after D.F. Ustinov (St. Petersburg), Doctor of Technical Sciences, Professor, Corresponding Member of the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences, Laureate of the State Prize of the Russian Federation named after Marshal of the Soviet Union G.K. Zhukov. Marshal of the Soviet Union G.K. Zhukov - Chairman of the Editorial Board
Matveev Stanislav Vice-Rector for Scientific Work and Innovative Development of Baltic State Technical University "VOENMEH" named after D.F. Ustinov, the Head of the Chair "Control Systems and Computer Technologies" of "Information and Controlling Systems" Faculty of Baltic State Technical University "VOENMEH" named after D.F. Ustinov, Candidate of Technical Sciences, Associate Professor, Laureate of the State Prize of the Russian Federation named after Marshal of the Soviet Union G.K. Zhukov - the Chairman of the Editorial Board Editor-in-Chief, Chairman of the Editorial Board
Antsev Georgiy Hero of Labor of the Russian Federation - General Director - General Designer of Radar MMS (St. Petersburg), Candidate of Technical Sciences, Honorable Radio Operator of the Russian Federation, Holder of the Order of Honour
Borodavkin Vyacheslav First Vice-Rector of Baltic State Technical University "VOENMEH named after D.F. Ustinov", Doctor of Engineering Sciences, Professor, Honoured Worker of Higher Professional Education of the Russian Federation, Honoured Machine-Builder of the Russian Federation.
Vadim Lebiga Corresponding Member of the Russian Academy of Sciences - Chief Scientific Researcher of Khristianovich Institute of Theoretical and Applied Mechanics of the Siberian Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences (Novosibirsk, Russia), Professor of the Department of Air-Hydrodynamics at Novosibirsk State Technical University, Doctor of Technical Sciences, Professor, N.E. Zhukovsky Prize Laureate
Vladimir Levin Member of the Russian Academy of Sciences - Head of the Laboratory of Explosion Gas Dynamics and Reactive Systems of the Research Institute of Mechanics of M.V. Lomonosov Moscow State University, Doctor of Physical and Mathematical Sciences, Professor, Laureate of State Prize of the Russian Federation, the N.E. Zhukovsky Prize Laureate and S.A. Chaplygin Prize of the USSR Academy of Sciences, Cavalier of the Order of Honour
Alexey Lipanov Member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Chief Researcher of the Keldysh Institute of Applied Mathematics. Doctor of Technical Sciences, Professor, Member of Russian Academy of Sciences, Laureate of State Prize of Russian Federation, Russian Government Prize in Science and Technology, F. A. Zander Prize of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Holder of the Order for Excellence,4th Class, Order of Friendship and Order of Honour.
Petrov Yury Corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences - Director of Research Center "Dynamics" of Mathematics and Mechanics Department of St. Petersburg State University, Head of Department "Extreme Conditions of Materials and Constructions" of Institute For Problems of Mechanical Engineering of the Russian Academy of Sciences (St. Petersburg), Doctor of Physical and Mathematical Sciences, Professor
Harry Popov Member of the Russian Academy of Sciences - Director of the Research Institute of Applied Mechanics and Electrodynamics of Moscow Aviation Institute (National Research University), Cavalier of the Order of the Badge of Honour, Laureate of the Russian State Prize and Prize of the USSR Council of Ministers, Doctor of Technical Sciences, Professor
Mikhail Silnikov Corresponding Member of the Russian Academy of Sciences - General Director - General Designer of JSC Scientific Production Association of Special Materials (St. Petersburg), Doctor of Technical Sciences, Professor, Honored Scientist of the Russian Federation, Member of the Russian Academy of Rocket and Artillery Sciences, Laureate of Russian State Prize, Russian Government Prize in Science and Technology, Russian President Prize in Education, Commander of the Order of Alexander Nevsky, the Order "For Military Merit", and the Order of Honor.
Nikolai Testyodov Member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Director of the Institute of Space Technologies of Krasnoyarsk Science Centre of the Siberian Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Doctor of Technical Sciences, Professor, Honoured Scientist of Russia, Laureate of the State Prize of Russian Federation, Russian Government prizes in Science and Technology
